"Nah, just til next year when Mueller puts him in jail with the rest of the swamp. "
"more like, more"
"10, 15, 20, who gives a shit, Trump is an abuser of women, raped his former wife and forced her into a settlement, and molested teenage girls at his miss universe pageants. His reckoning is coming. If you deny this, you deny reality in this day and age, if they want to take down Franken over a kiss. "
"Huh? Wtf does this have to do with Roy Moore being a child molester and you people still supporting him? \n\n"
"Love my p4p obsidian. Just wish I could get the obsidian batteries somewhere not\nOn back order."
"yabutt, you didn't answer the question as usual? Do you concur with the president, that the tape is fake?"
"I'm sorry, I missed the part where Obama tweeted juvenile statements that ruined any chance of diplomacy? "
"You can tell that to Manafort, Kushner, Flynn, Popodopoulos, Trump Jr and many more in jail. "
"Do you really want to compare gun violence in Europe and America? Really? We have more gun violence than the rest of the world combined. And yes, Vegas was a trump supporter. I didn't come up with anything it's in the news. Considering you trumpers are ready to start killing people when your \"president\" is impeached and you are all completely brainwashed by this con man, anything is possible. \n\nI do love the logic, a Korean war Marine hero Republican (Mueller) files indictment charges against trump, he gets impeached, but you revolt, against? Reason? Logic? The Constitution? I guess that makes you not only traitors, but mutinous traitors, if you \"revolt\" when trump is impeached. \n\nAt this pace Kushner, Flynn and that scumbag Wilbur Ross are the next to be indicted. Your god emperor is only a matter of time. We haven't even revisited the Miami house he was handed a hundred million by a Putin buddy yet. So much more shit to come out its unreal."
"Yea you. Using your racist anti-semitic pepe icon."
"You were just presented with the evidence, you just choose to deny its existence because of your cognitive dissonance."
"20 upvotes. I love it. I'd assume hitler's followers were equally as blind in their following."
"Stupid is as evil does."
"Yea, calling alex jones, the man who made up pizzagate, where people died over his conspiracy theory bullshit, a real american, tends to make some emotional. Just like roy moore, 30 confirmed sources and 5 accusers, a proven child molester, but you folks will still support him. The definition of no morals."
"Virginia hasn't swung this hard left since 1899. The country has seen a year of trump, and it terrified them. This tax bill is going no where. You will have zero accomplishments by 2018. Say goodbye trumpflake. Once Mitch and Paul determine trump is toxic to their re-election, they'll be personally giving Mueller a hand job to hurry up. So long! It's been nice! #MAGA\n\nhttp://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/359333-santorum-gop-loss-in-virginia-is-trumps-fault"
"This piss tape must be something else."
"# #MAGA"
"That's not what 8 investigations ruled. And multiple trump administration officials have classified info on private email servers. Kushner failed to disclose hundreds of russian communications and trips on his SF-85, you realize any normal human would be fired instantly if not incarcerated for such an offense?"
"16, 20, regardless. I didn't even mention the under age girl peep show of his and wife rape. \n\nAnswer the question. Do you think he's going to get away with it? Yes or no."
"Facts bother you that much, fascinating."
"Definitely makes sense, nice explanation.\n"
"Yea, the whole adminstration is about to get indicted. "
"Ahh the simpler \"it was all Flynn\" days. What happened to that guy? Mueller saving him for a rainy day perhaps..."
"Indeed. But I don't think we've even scratched the surface yet. We're dealing with a sociopath that is used to always getting what he wants and everyone kissing his ass. Push comes to shove, shit is probably going to get ugly. Who would have ever though the fate of the country would rest in one man's hands, a former FBI director."
"After the smashing, a warm cup of covfefe would be yummy"
"Yea, like Hillary's secret molestation ring in the pizza shop and on mars, as reported by Breitbart."
"Very good, and yes, none of your clan care about reading rainbow, since most can't read."
"I'd go with an \"exterminate\", but that would be too clich\u00e9"
"Oh you mean that thing where today, Jarred was found guilty of withholding emails and information that was in the dossier? It confirmed Flynn and all his lies, Manafort and many others. Hate to tell you, it's proving to be about 75% true right now. Jared is going to jail too and we all know Uncle Donnie was aware of everything Jared was doing."
"He met him 3 times in Asia, how much is necessary? One would think meeting with, say our ally leaders, U.K., Germany, etc, would be more regular. "
"Because your president did, he's reigniting the birther thing again. So I'm curious if you're following him as usual. Do you believe he was born in America?"
"Known hoax by who? Trump? Trump is the only one, except Putin, who says its a hoax. The entire IC believes trump is compromised at this point. Two weeks ago alone Facebook confirmed russian fake news ads originating from Russia, purchased in rubles. Why would any sane person not believe the IC over trump? Pompeo, his own installed CIA director confirmed what was determined by the entire IC in January. So now he's a liar too? Trump's guy? At some point you people have to step back into reality, unless you're russian trolls."
"McCain gets concerned over many things. Sometimes even disturbed."
"And that has exactly what to do with Trump supporting an illegal sting op org that fails miserably every time trying to sting CNN, Acorn, Planned Parenthood, WaPo? \n\nWhy don't you just admit you support a child molester Senator and President and just make it all easier?"
"My agenda? Of a free internet without big corporations throttling data? Do you even know what net neutrality is? So basically you're AGAINST a free internet? You want to REGULATE the internet? Mr. trump who wants to unregulate everything? Oh I forgot, you don't actually know what the issues are, but whatever your god emperor tells you, you believe, even if its taking away your freedom, got it."
"But his nothing has been terrific, the best nothing. "
"I love how you post blog sites as credible news sources. But keep talking about ole' Bill. Just making it inevitable your president, the molester in chief will be next. 16 accusers, standing by. Keep talking about Bill, do it!"
"Guess you missed the whole last night trump's toxicity caused a democratic sweep. The republicans won't be protecting him anymore. I'll put money on them impeaching him before the dems. If he's still in office by Nov 7 2018, most will be surprised. Better get them guns polished up now for your revolt. "
"https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/ICA_2017_01.pdf\n\n&gt;\u201cWe assess Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the US presidential election.  Russia\u2019s goals were to undermine public faith in the US democratic process, denigrate Secretary Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency.  \n\n&gt;We further assess Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump.  We have high confidence in these judgments. We also assess Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump\u2019s election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him.\u201d\n\nPompeo has publicly verified the judgements in the assessment. You either acknowledge the facts here and that trump is a traitor, or you are one as well, if not a russian troll to begin with."
"Did you even realize we have a president with 20 accusers of sexual assault, rape and child molestation in office?"
"I'll assume that's a /s"
"You obviously didn't get the current talking points. Right wing propaganda is pushing the \"well, we know there was collusion, but it's not illegal\" narrative now. You might want to request the latest fox news bulletin. \n\nTrump sat in a room and had no issue to a campaign official going to meet with russian government officials. Exactly what part of that is not coordinating with a foreign enemy? Explain it please. "
"Stop the trump cancer!"
"&gt; :a systematic body of concepts especially about human life or culture\n\nWhen you lump people together, it's idealogical based, killing them as a group makes it an act of terror. So this is idealogical based white domestic terrorism. Me racist? Says the person who probably thinks Muslims are all killers and Mexicans are rapists, jackass. And I'm white and a gun owner.\n\n\n\nDefinition of ideology\n\nplural ideologies\n1 :visionary theorizing\n\n2 a :a systematic body of concepts especially about human life or culture\n\nb :a manner or the content of thinking characteristic of an individual, group, or culture\n\nc :the integrated assertions, theories and aims that constitute a sociopolitical program\n"
"He kept an indictment and guilty plea completely silent from the president and the press for over 3 months, and you really think we know everything now LMFAO. He hasn't even indicted Flynn yet. Sessions is now guilty of perjury, Kushner and Jr will be next. Then, Popodoulos was in the room with trump when he announced his intentions to coordinate with the russians. Do you have any idea of what that means? TREASON. "
"Says the psychologically damaged trump supporter that can't respond with anything except 5 year old intellectual insults. "
"Deflection, lmfao. Cognitive dissonance at its finest."
"So you're denying all 16+ assault allegations, and his own words of how he grabs them by the pussy? You think he's going to get away with it dont you?"
"RT was banned from Twitter and Facebook for a reason. "
"Who needs to bet? Tax \"reform\", or let's call it what it is, a failed attempt at 80s tax breaks for the rich that just put is in more debt, is dead. Your president will go down as the worst deal maker in history. Not a single significant legislative accomplishment in his first year, nothing. The great deal maker lmfao. "
"Facts are propaganda now. Love it. Can't wait until more indictments come..."
"The concept of trump, is the bullshit artist and con man."
"\"Russia is a hoax\"\n\nLooking forward to your meltdown once he's in jail."
"Then why did trump directly tell Pompeo to investigate Hillary and he apparently engaged in the request? Our constitution is under attack by this president. Denying this is denying reality. \n\nhttp://www.newsweek.com/russia-conspiracy-trump-dnc-hack-mike-pompeo-705008"
"I'm sure the sun would be accepting. "
"So let's make sure I'm understanding correctly. You want Harvey Weinstein, Al Franken, Kevin Spacey and Louis CK held accountable for their actions, but not Roy Moore or Trump?\n\nOr only Trump is innocent, right? All 20 of his accusers are fake news and liars?"
"Actually I find this dumb fuckery even funnier. You people are so desperate to distract from this scumbag Roy Moore and your idiot president, they tried planting a fake story about Roy Moore which they would then expose and claim \"fake news\", like they did with Acorn, etc. You people would make excellent David Koresh followers.\n\nhttp://thehill.com/media/362026-wapo-busts-conservative-activists-pushing-fake-roy-moore-allegations"
"I'm going to be very disappointed if he's taken down over this, after all this waiting to have Mueller fry him properly. "
"No Uranium was sold to them, the company shares were sold. The uranium is by law now allowed to leave the country. He built his entire business with laundered russian mafia money. Sorry, you're wrong."
"Yea, build all their cars here, 80% isnt enough?. You really can't come to terms that he has no idea what he's talking about can you? It's all over Japanese press that he's an idiot. We've wasted a year now talking about these bullshit issues, the wall, coal, etc, when the real job issues is technology and automation leaving our under-educated workforce behind. Japan and China have the best trained workforces in the world, that we simply can't match here, and we have an idiot president talking about tax breaks for the rich and coal jobs as the solution. This stock market rally isn't going to last forever, and when it dives because it all catches up with this shit head, he won't be able to deflect this one to Obama or Hillary like everything else.\n\nAnd another gem from this idiot over there. He's like a shit stain on this country. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/donald-trump-japan-emperor-akihito-texas-mass-shooting-visit-shinzo-abe-sutherland-springs-a8041391.html"
"Ladies and gentleman, the President of the United States."
"Yea, project veritas, that launched illegal sting ops against Acorn and now WaPo, who caught them and exposed them for what they are.\n\nThe desperation on the right to change the narrative away from Roy Moore and Trump's accusers won't work, but it's fairly funny. Amazing, the \"family values\" people are completely moral less and have nothing better to do than sting ops against the left. WaPo obviously won't fall for their bullshit. "
"How the spotlight does not go from Franken to Trump after this will be an amazing fail for Democrats if it doesn't happen."
"Obama wiretapped Trump? I have nice Toyota Tercel to sell you for $400k too. Good god, what planet are you people on. You do realize that never happened and your president lied about the entire incident, right? Seth Rich conspiracy supporter too? Can you even respond to anything with deflecting to Hillary or Obama? You are so programmed by the russian propaganda machine its unreal. "
"Answer the question. Unless you're too afraid to admit your president is guilty, because you're a trumpflake pussy."
"We should declare Jan 20th official presidentless day. "
"It truly is terrific dumb, almost the best dumb."
"Cognitive dissonance and denial is an amazing thing. Access?! Yes, to the IC, which he keeps trashing and casting as fake news, the great men and women who risk their lives to deliver him non-political vetted fact based information and judgements, just like the determination that we were attacked by the Russians during the election. \n\nThey interfered in the election, everyone knows it,\nbut it doesn\u2019t fit your little narrative so you can\u2019t deal with it. Well deal with it. He\u2019s a complete idiot, or a compromised Russian traitor. He\u2019s not that dumb, so it\u2019s clear he\u2019s the latter."
"And your view on the 16+ Trump accusers?"
"What\u2019s hilarious yet disturbing, is you think and want this traitorous child molesting piece of shit president to get away with it."
"I love how someone down voted this. Exposing the idiot for the idiot he is I guess is a bad thing."
"Butter emails"
"Handle high pressure? You call him a juvenile name and he can't go 5 minutes with tweeting like a baby throwing a tantrum. That's handling pressure? What fucking planet are you on? \n\nI don't read T_D, I just feel comfort knowing the FBI does, to keep your ilk monitored and in check. "
"He raised taxes to rain in the trillions in debt created from the tax cuts. You seemed to have forgotten that part."
"So \nHarvey Weinstein accusers: accurate. \n\nKevin Spacey: accurate. \n\nLouis CK: accurate.\n\nRoy Moore: accurate.\n\n##Guess who's next?"
"Doc Brown destroyed the time machine, I think we're stuck."
"This just resonates of the Cheney interference in the 80s. We know how that all worked out a decade or two later."
"Good, then you confirmed trump is a traitor. The document was an assessment stating RUSSIA INTERFERED IN OUR ELECTION. TRUMP DENIES IT. "
"Then why did Pompeo come out and confirm this document's judgement that Russia influenced the election? He a liar now too?"
"Indeed. Your finally statement is just such a truth, stepping back. The irony that the same \"old white guys\" slamming Russia and the \"commies\" are literally giving the Republican party a free pass on literally what would have had them hung for treason in the 60s. \n\nThe real question is what comes next. Can they remove him before the damage is really irreversible. "
"That would make Trump, Heisenberg. Don't insult The Danger like that."
"They admitted because they were real men and had class. They\u2019re all guilty, just some are sniveling weasels who can\u2019t admit it. You\u2019re in denial if you think trump and Moore aren\u2019t guilty."
"How is it illegal that the trump campaign gave russia demographic data that they then used to target people with ads tailored to their facebook profile data? Really? Facebook watched in real time how ads influenced people and behavior changed. "
"You think the birth certificate is fake, you think he was not born here, period. Why are you such a pussy and just can't admit it? Cognitive dissonance showing yourself how crazy you are kicking in?\n"
"The government already announced Wikileaks was a designated Russian propaganda disseminator of information when all of this went down. Not only did Trump Jr know this, he accepted and propagated stolen information, and accessed a site illegally. \n\nOh, let's just assume this is all there is, because we know how it goes with Jr, he'll lie at least 3-4 times before admitting what really happened. "
"Confirmed with 3 separate reporters on a phone call to John Kelly, ya know, those papers that trump loves to trash, but end up always being correct, one being Maggie Haberman and your favorite lying press secretary did not deny the allegations today."
"Oops, typo, I meant Don the con. Fake news I'm sure though. "
"Yea because litigating the largest international money laundering and social media attack campaign in the history of the world just happens in 3 months. They warehouses full of files at this point. And when they do impeach trump, the charges have to be iron clad so the little trumpflakes don't start crying and go all postal."
"Omg! I must be, because you\u2019re an idiot and can\u2019t come up with a response besides calling me a cunt! Omg! Jackass"
"My god, it's full of stars!"
"Wrong. \n\n### Terrorism is, in the broadest sense, the use of intentionally indiscriminate violence as a means to create terror, or fear, to achieve a political, religious or ideological aim.[1]\n\nVegas was a trump supporter, New York had no connection to any political, religious or idealogical group, but claimed idealogical. \n\nThat being said the two white terrorism acts in the last 35 days, Texas and Vegas, each alone killed more people than any \"radical islamic\" attacks ever, except for 9/11.\n\n# We need to ban all white people, untile we figure out what da hells going on\n\nJust to keep in stride with trump's ridiculous racist muslim ban."
"This is the part where you say the only situation is killing millions of people and hundreds of thousands of Americans.  N.Korea is not a terrorist organization, they know having nukes is the only way we won't kill them. Your dipshit president made it clear no diplomacy was possible when he reneged on the Iran deal. N.Korea IS NEVER GIVING UP NUKES. \n\nThe deal is to sit down and have an agreement never to use them, or we wipe them off the map. It's very simple, but your simplistic brains aren't capable of processing real world scenarios. Every military expert agrees with this analysis. I hope your dipshit president starts WWIII, just to prove how much of an incompetent piece of shit he really is. Then they can blame the loss of thousands of American lives on him and his idiot followers for supporting this buffoon. "
"Your denial?"
"The best (R)"
"This bill will allow ISPs to throttle specific websites based on their whims. So you're for that? "
"I have watched Jessica Jones and just started on The Punisher. 3 episodes in and I'm really starting to love it. I really want to watch Luke Cage and another one. Should I get up to speed on Daredevil as required viewing for The Punisher?"
"You're denial of reality keeps me. Are you going to leave the country when your god emperor is impeached and removed?"
"Trumps own intelligence people acknowledged the Russian intervention, so you\u2019re denying them now too?"
"Indeed. I bet it's required reading in the Trump organization. Right after \"Money Laundering for Dummies\"."
"Fake fake news. Umm, or Benghazi."
"Supporting this president as he strips are internet freedom and pushes a tax plan that will raise taxes on most middle class americans while giving him and his cronies big fat tax cuts that have proven time and time again to do nothing for the economy, while he coordinates with his buddy putin to ultimately give russia sanction relief and free up putin's mafia money, yea that's unamerican. Democracy is under attack from this piece of shit."
"Oh I'm sorry, money laundering is no big deal? "
"That's what the FCC is about to pass jackass, go do your own homework. "
"https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-internet-probe/new-york-attorney-general-investigating-false-net-neutrality-comments-to-fcc-idUSKBN1DL2EW\n\nAnother scandal from the trump administration, who would have guessed..."
"That was all I needed to know. Nothing compared to the current traitor in chief, but in the same vane. "
"We all are overlooking that maybe he\u2019s just this stupid."
"I guess we got president pussy grabber instead of fire and fury after all. "
"He didn't molest children as this one."
"According to Maddow and new information just released, it's highly likely Manfort is wearing a device. "
"You really think he's going to get away with all of the rape and abuse of women he's done with over 20 accusers waiting in the wind don't you? "
"He really needs to at least spend a night in jail, on a non-gold plated toilet. "
"You people are level 6 batshit crazy. Just love getting it out of you."
"Ladder, all the needs to be said. "
"Terrific tapes."
"I just wonder during all of the incidents if Roy Moore grabbed em by the pussy."
"Keebler, is his middle name."
"You're right, it's 17, my bad https://qz.com/1130324/17-women-have-accused-donald-trump-of-sexual-assault-or-misconduct-its-time-to-revisit-those-stories/"
"What part \n\n&gt; 2 a :a systematic body of concepts especially about human life or culture\n\nDo you not understand? It was terrorism. PERIOD, by a white guy. Are you incapable of understanding that not just brown people commit terrorism? He blew away 26 people, if it was simple murder or revenge against his ex, he would have only killed them. "
"yea, and he was impeached, are you denying trump is a sexual predator as well?"
"How about we preserve Hugh Jackman for just one Avengers meetup with Downey Jr and Chris Pratt in some overlapping storyline. I'd pay some coin to see that hehe. I see the scene already. Ironman shooting a stream of energy like weapon x at wolverine's crossed claws, Chris Pratt jumps in with some comic relief..."
"I guess you were in a closet last week when they announced popodopoulos pleaded guilty to going to russia, meeting with russian gov officials, coming back, sitting in a room with trump and sessions, telling them of his trip, and trump had no issue with. Besides the fact we know Trump Jr told the russians if elected he would change sanction policy. This is just what we know. You are living in a fantasy world. "
"https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/6/16254908/mike-pence-donald-trump-comey-russia-obstruction-justice"
"Quintessential pot kettle black goin on right here."
"Vegas terrorist trump supporter bought his guns legally, your point? Killed more people than all muslim attacks combined, time to ban white people?"
"You mean Moore, who molested a 14 year and wrote in her year book, or trump when he walked in on multiple young teenagers at Miss Universe contestants and told them \"its ok, nothing I havent seen before\"? "
"His aim was to CREATE TERROR, which he did. Keep back peddling though, it's funny watching racists and haters squirm when the worst single man terrorist attack in the history of the country, was an old white guy, who was clearly sane, rational, and planned the event thoroughly. \n\n# Terrorism is the use of intentionally indiscriminate violence as a means to create terror, or fear, to achieve a political, religious or ideological aim."
"They article authors were on the shows last night, they verbally heard trump multiple times, jackass. \n\nDo you seriously still support this russian traitor? He's done nothing, except deport mexicans and ruin this country in less than a year in global standings. We're an international joke, you must love it, the chaos.."
"I didn't chop off anything. But you trumpers want to incorrectly limit the definition to politics. The word itself \"terrorism\" is indiscriminate of political, religious, or idealogical intent. By definition, terrorism is to cause terror, PERIOD, and the worst TERROR event in American history by a single person was by a trump supporting old white guy. \n\nDo I think all trump supporters are crazy killers with guns, obviously not, but its as stupid as a statement that all Muslims or any other group are crazy killers. \n\nOur vetting is the best in the world, and has been. No system will ever be perfect, but the damage this president is doing by pointing fingers at Muslims specifically, and Mexicans and other groups, is hurting the country as a whole, not helping it. \n\nI'm sure you'll also deny the now clear data that since trump came into politics with his hate and authoritarian nationalistic views, shootings have increased exponentially. It was bad before, never like this. Argue all you want but those are the facts.\n"
"4 separate reporters have corraborated, like 50 for Roy Moore, its corroborated. Just because they man up like democrats and take ownership, doesn't make things never have happened."
"It's amazing if you flip to Fox the last week or so. The only news is Al Franken and the amazing tax bill that just passed. "
"Nice response, you can just say \"I admit I'm wrong\" instead of \"delusional\". Or it shows your 5 year old social skills of not being able to admit you're wrong, like your idiot president."
"Or be dumb enough to open a second casino a block or two away, because of your ego. I wonder if two starbucks on the same corner would work... hmm."
"80% and a majority of the military think he's a treasonous piece of shit. Looking forward to you trumpers rioting with guns when he is impeached or jailed, so the military can exterminate this cancer known as trumpism. \n\nhttp://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/357297-poll-majority-of-military-officers-view-trump-unfavorably"
"So, do you know the actual date of \"presidential\" trump? When he stops tweeting like a 12 year little bitch school boy? \n\nLast I heard it was Jan 20th, but it was postponed..."
"Their latest talking point is when they revolt, the military will be on their side and help them \"retake\" the government."
"As the man who said \"I grab em by the pussy\" lies to the world denying it. "
"Good ole Mitt Romney of all people called with Putin. Who would have thought."
"Was he born here?"
"Vegas shooter was a trump supporter."
"Do you?"
"History and dictators have a nasty habit of repeating themselves."
"You mean the DOJ ran by trump's own personal Keebler elf whipping \"boy\" who's lied multiple times during congressional hearing testimony? That 'boy'?"
"They should have a special whiny little bitch of the year award with him on the cover in drag crying."
"They're supposedly terrific too."
"Careful, he likes to grab pussies."
"I will concede, gas giant meets the sun ftw. The best sun, a terrific sun."
"Thats what the gov is going to tell trumpers when they revolt against the trump impeachment, looking forward to it."
"The fact that she was at the RT News dinner with Putin was enough for me."
"\"Idealogical\" covers Texas and Vegas. You don't blow away 60 people and injure over 600 without some idealogical reason, but keep back peddling, your argument has lost any validity. \n\n&gt; Definition of ideology\n\nplural ideologies\n\n1 :visionary theorizing\n\n2 a :a systematic body of concepts especially about human life or culture\n\nb :a manner or the content of thinking characteristic of an individual, group, or culture\nc :the integrated assertions, theories and aims that constitute a sociopolitical program"
"I feel dumb thinking Reagan was the first to pitch and try trickle down. "
"Just curious as a trump supporter what it must feel like, supporting a president who in less than 2 hours, threw a tantrum on twitter that botched negotiations on the budget and was made an ass of by a 30 year old little shit N.Korean dictator. When does the MAGA start?"
"There are no words to respond to this post. I honestly feel sorry for your children or any human that has to interact with you."
"What does this have to do with trump selling out to putin? So you think putin is telling the truth? "
"You're president will be gone soon, either for sexual predatory behavior, with over 16 accusers, if Mueller doesn't get to him first. Are you excited?"
"You're ok with russia determining the outcome of our elections, got it."
"I wouldn't go that far, stealing a plan from mein kampf is hardly original."
"That's why everyone with any remote knowledge of the issue knows where this is going. They are never going to surrender their nuclear ambitions, despite what the tweeter in chief thinks. They will package an ICBM with a nuclear warhead, and then they will come to the table to cut a deal. Part of the deal will forbid any selling of nuclear weapons. The only question is if the man child president can just stfu and allow a diplomatic process to play out. Once Tillerson is gone, god knows who that process would be led by. "
"You're a brainwashed trumpflake. You just can't process that everything Obama did wasn't bad. Then again, why would I expect anything less from a racist bigot."
"The subject is net neutrality, which your president is looking to get rid of. You support this piece of shit for doing this apparently. I can call you anything I want, it doesn't change the facts of what this piece of shit president is doing. ANd trying to squeeze it in over Thanksgiving like slimy deceptive worm. Even better."
"I'll give you a hint, he had over 16 accusers and is currently working out of the oval office."
"You're living in a fantasy world.\n\nhttp://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/donald-ivana-trump-divorce-papers-battle-lawsuit-rape-allegation-marriage-settlement-private-a7294071.html\n\n&gt;Their divorce was granted on the ground of \u201ccruel and inhuman treatment\u201d and they reached an undisclosed settlement.\n\nIt was settled and non-disclosure was part of the settlement. She didn't settle out of the goodness of her heart. If you seriously want to compare \u201ccruel and inhuman treatment\u201d to Al Franken grabbing a playmate's ass, go ahead, look like a fool. And this was one of 16. "
"I hear you, we need an idiot in office for sure!"
"Can I be on the one to give the order when we point his rocket at the sun? \"You're fired\""
"That is why there was a landslide with dems taking so many seats. They see what happens when you put republicans in charge, nothing happens. They can't govern, they remove regulations that keep the air and water clean, they want to pass tax cuts for the rich and tax increases for the middle class. They want to destroy the constitution and wage war against the free media, like an authoritarian state. Yes, that's evil, and why they are being marginalized in all elections.The special election sweep of dems was just the beginning."
"I'm sure Donnie tried requesting two cans and a roll of string, but didn't realize how far away Moscow is."
"If his birth certificate was forged, he wasn't born in America, is that your view?"
"What exactly are you denying? This is public knowledge. Who\u2019s going to put him in jail? The sniveling republicans who enable this treasonous piece of shit for their own benefits?"
"Normalizing the demonization of the media, I think is step 2 or 3 in the authoritarian handbook. I'd have to refer back to Mein Kampf for precise documentation."
"Nah, he's poking holes in the boat with elephant tusks."
"You're fine with a president who committed treason?"
"He even admitted Obama was born here, but he changed his mind, so you must now too. It's called a cult. You'd make an excellent david koresh follower."
"He formally asked FBI to investigate Hillary, this is hardly a stretch."
"It's amazing anyone would show any loyalty to this p.o.s. in office who has shown no loyalty to even his closest supporters. "
"All liars and fake news though right?"
"You\u2019re batshit crazy. or a Russian troll. No one can be this ignorant."
"Yea, keep using that talking point buddy. Last week the russia thing was a hoax too. Next: Flynn, Kushner, Jr. You can keep singing that line when trump is in jail. People are going to believe a life long Republican Marine hero, over a lying sociopathic draft dodging abuser of women any day of the week. But keep referencing whatever makes you feel better."
"And he declared \"America is back\" after returning from his Asia trip. It can now officially be wrapped up as a successful trip. "
"So, admission of behavior, 5 teenage girls confirmed the same incident he walked in on them intentionally at a beauty contest, his wife paid millions to shut up about him raping her, and removing her testimony from the record, and Al Franken should be removed from office but not Trump? For real right?"
"All guns should be registered in a national database. He purchased the guns legally, they should have been collected with all of the psychological issues he clearly has, especially after being denied right to carry. This ridiculous notion of \"they're coming for your guns\" is just that, ridiculous. If they want to come get your guns, no personal arsenal is going to stop a drone from taking you out with a hellfire missile. "
"Yea, Kushner just went over there to cut some more trump business, after signing an arms deal and a trump tower there. \n\nhttps://pbs.twimg.com/media/DAYlEH8V0AEKXeg.jpg"
"https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-switch/wp/2017/11/21/the-fcc-has-unveiled-its-plan-to-rollback-its-net-neutrality-rules"
"No how about a real middle class tax cut, not $80/mo, and no tax cuts for corporations with billions in cash reserves as it is. And now people working / commuting from state to state (NJ to NY like many) will get hammered losing their state tax reciprocity. This will cost people thousands a year. Yea, rape the middle class, tax cuts for the rich. No sane Senator / Rep from coastal states will pass this bullshit."
"Yes there is proof. That\u2019s why the intelligence agencies said what they said. If trump killed your mother, would you blame that on Hillary too?"
"You going to revolt with your guns when he's impeached?"
"This isn't \"believing\". Let me see if I can get your logic straight. You're saying you take the word of a man who doesn't use a computer nor knows how to send an email, and is a 70 year old real estate developer who tweets like a 5th grader, over the hundreds and possibly thousands of career military and IC officers that worked to create that assessment doc. That is bat shit crazy. \n\nBrennan, Clapper and the others are 30+ year apolitical operators that have worked under multiple administrations of both parties, and are life long republicans. They know more in their pinky than any dipshit new york real estate developer about international technology influence campaigns and the shit russia has been doing since the 60s. You are in a complete state of denial if you take the word of this useful idiot, over the thousands of men and women of the Intelligence Community. "
"You're not answering the simple question. So all liberal accusers are telling the truth and all republican accusers are liars right? "
"I'm sure they'll blame Hillary."
"He's already proved complicit by lying about his knowledge of russian contacts and knowing about Comey being fired. He'll be indicted as well. President Ryan is very possible. Stein proved to be about as much of a weasel as everyone trump."
"Are you going to revolt when he's impeached?"
"Ya know, I'm just a middle aged white guy, and I've been watching the trumpflakes claiming racism with the black members of congress using the time today for \"racist agendas\". My question is why does every time a person in a minority raises an issue related to their background is it racist? If Collins from Alaska raises a concern dear to her constituents, or McCain an issue relevant to vets, etc, that's fine. Can't we have civil discussions about this kinda stuff? Special thanks to 45 for ruining any possibility of civil discourse anymore. "
"https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/11/27/trump-is-reportedly-saying-the-access-hollywood-tape-was-fake-news-he-should-talk-to-2016-trump/?utm_term=.fe01a651bab4"
"Gold plated toilets and the appearance of a lavish lifestyle works wonders for the average Joe the plumber."
"Well you'll pick a child molester over a democrat, pretty much equivalent to you sleep with your sisters."
"Facts are so funny. "
"Someone call Barron, we need a hacker\u2019s perspective..."
"Was he born in America, simple question shit head. Why is it so difficult to say yes/no? "
"The fantasy world you live in is amazing."
"Mars child sex ring level.\n"
"You realize nearly 80% of Japanese cars in America are built here right? Japan pioneered modern manufacturing technology, and Asia as a whole is wrecking us in manufacturing technology, especially now that dipshit pulled us out of TPP relinquishing our leveraging power in the pacific. We're getting rolled by Asia tech right now. "
"Was he born in America?"
"Not, Weinstein, trump, and his 20 accusers."
"They should send him to Mars, where the Hillary child molestation colony is."
"Just imagine what the trumpflakes would be saying if Hillary or Barry muttered these words:\n\n&gt;\"He said he didn't meddle. He said he didn't meddle,\" Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One. \"I asked him again. You can only ask so many times. I just asked him again. He said he absolutely did not meddle in our election. He did not do what they are saying he did.\""
"Trump's first wife filed charges for rape, and was settled with out of court for an undisclosed amount and her testimony stricken from the record. Yea, nothing to see there. Not even mentioning the multiple underage teen girls who accused trump of entering dressing rooms to see them naked. Sexual predator in chief and scum of the Earth. But keep trying to level this with Al Franken grabbing a playboy models ass as equivalence. You look dumber by the minute."
" #reclaimingthecountry"
"I wonder if you have a meeting with Trump if they're on the coffee table in the waiting area.\n"
"I highly doubt a fuck was given."
"Pussy hurt?\n\n&gt;But Democrats did even more than win big on Tuesday. They broke a Republican gerrymandering scheme in Virginia that has been in force for nearly a decade.\nFor years, Republicans in Virginia have controlled the House of Delegates because they were allowed to draw their own district lines after the last census. GOP lawmakers played with district boundaries to pack Democratic voters into a few small districts, while spreading Republican voters out across several, thus rigging the races to skew more GOP than the popular vote.\n\nhttps://shareblue.com/virginia-flips-14-seats-blue-in-biggest-democratic-pick-up-since-1899/#.WgKCVWHm8WE.reddit"
"I used to wonder how Hitler happened, and thought that society evolved past an evil dictator taking over. "
"Like your clan? \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEjhUeqjydo"
"Indeed. Being in tech, my regard for the tech giants has diminished greatly watching news trickle out about the meddling. Apple is probably the least of the bad right now, but this is nothing but spin and damage control. That TOS is violated almost daily by Trump, yet he (their cash cow) remains. They can remove all the Russians, bigots and Nazi sympathizers they want, but the head Russian, bigot, Nazi sympathizer in chief remains, tweeting away..."
"5 star material for the next rally."
"No you deflected to some Clinton bullshit. He is either an idiot, believing putin, as we all know it\u2019s a lie as trumps own intelligence picks confirmed the Russians interfered. Or he knows and is conspiring with putin because he\u2019s been compromised. Putin has dirt on him so he won\u2019t risk crossing him, blackmail. Its one or the other, make your selection."
"Like anyone in the CIA would remotely take him seriously. They obviously had their controversies (Comey, Clapper, etc), but they were intelligence professionals. Pompeo is a disgrace, Cotton, laughable. "
"So State run Fox News I should believe? Lmfao. I don\u2019t believe anything. I know. And everyone in the IC thinks your president is a traitor. The only question remaining is what you drones are going to do when mueller buried him? Get the guns out and revolt to serve your child molesting president? "
"Never by this margin. Sore loser? Got your guns ready for the revolt yet?"
"Why? Evil republicans control everything, until 2018 when they're taken out of power. Hopefully the country can survive until then."
"No you traitor, I won the argument. Your president and his FCC apointee have been bought and sold by ISPs looking to make money by selling the internet neutrality that currently exists. You are so fucked in the head, you can't even realize when you're getting fucked in the ass.\n\nhttps://www.techdirt.com/articles/20171120/11253438653/fcc-plan-to-use-thanksgiving-to-hide-attack-net-neutrality-vastly-underestimates-looming-backlash.shtml"
"Go give a nazi salute in Germany, I dare you."
"https://finance.yahoo.com/news/las-vegas-gunman-trump-supporter-203047181.html"
"Can someone turn on the Mueller bat signal? "
